Document use of new_axis to control merge (#6180)
SciTools/iris: docs/src/further_topics/controlling_merge.rst

    Traceback (most recent call last):
    ...
    iris.exceptions.MergeError: failed to merge into a single cube.
      Coordinates in cube.aux_coords (non-scalar) differ: surface_altitude.

Since surface altitude is preventing merging, we want to find a way of combining these cubes while also *explicitly*
combining the ``surface_altitude`` coordinate so that it also varies along the time dimension. We can do this by first
adding a dimension to the cube *and* the ``surface_altitude`` coordinate using :func:`~iris.util.new_axis`, and then
concatenating those cubes together. We can attempt this as follows:

    >>> from iris.util import new_axis
    >>> from iris.cube import CubeList
    >>> test_cubes = CubeList([new_axis(cube, scalar_coord="time", expand_extras=["surface_altitude"]) for cube in cubes])
    >>> test_cubes.concatenate_cube()
    Traceback (most recent call last):
    ...
    iris.exceptions.ConcatenateError: failed to concatenate into a single cube.
      Scalar coordinates values or metadata differ: forecast_period != forecast_period

This error alerts to us that the ``forecast_period`` coordinate is also varying over time. To get concatenation to work,

> we will have to expand the dimension of this coordinate also by passing it to the ``expand_extras`` keyword.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we will have to expand the dimensions of this coordinate to include "time", by passing it also to the ``expand_extras`` keyword.
```

>     >>> processed_cubes = CubeList(

Reviewer: As this is a "retry" of the previous failed command, I'd suggest that the result should have the same name - i.e. both should be either "test_cubes" or "processed_cubes".

    ...
    73: x_wind / (m s-1)                    (latitude: 144; longitude: 192)
    74: x_wind / (m s-1)                    (latitude: 144; longitude: 192)

The raw cubes also separate cubes along the ``model_level_number`` dimension. In this instance, we will need to
merge/concatenate along two different dimensions. Specifically, we can merge along the ``model_level_number`` dimension
since ``surface_altitude`` does  not vary along this dimension, and we can concatenate along the ``time`` dimension as
before. We expand the ``time`` dimension first, as before:

    >>> processed_raw_cubes = CubeList(
    ... [new_axis(cube, scalar_coord="time", expand_extras=["surface_altitude", "forecast_period"]) for cube in raw_cubes]
    ... )
    >>> print(processed_raw_cubes)
    0: x_wind / (m s-1)                    (time: 1; latitude: 144; longitude: 192)
    1: x_wind / (m s-1)                    (time: 1; latitude: 144; longitude: 192)
    ...
    73: x_wind / (m s-1)                    (time: 1; latitude: 144; longitude: 192)
    74: x_wind / (m s-1)                    (time: 1; latitude: 144; longitude: 192)

> Then we merge along the ``model_level_number`` dimension. Note that merging these cubes does not affect the ``time``
> dimension since merging only applies along scalar coordinates, not dimension coordinates of length 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then we merge, which will create a new ``model_level_number`` dimension, since there is one cube for each level, at each time point.  Note, however, that merging these cubes does _not_ affect the ``time``
dimension, since merging only applies to scalar coordinates, not dimension coordinates of length 1.
```

I'm uncomfortable with "merge along the `model_level_number` dimension" since, of course, merge chooses the merge dimensions automatically +  we have no control over it.
I also generally don't like "merge along" because we don't have a dimension giving a direction to be "along", whereas (for me) "concatenate along" **_is_** clear + meaningful. 

Not entirely sure about my alternative proposals, though.  Maybe you can think of something better.

    >>> merged_cubes = processed_raw_cubes.merge()
    >>> print(merged_cubes)
    0: x_wind / (m s-1)                    (model_level_number: 5; time: 1; latitude: 144; longitude: 192)
    1: x_wind / (m s-1)                    (model_level_number: 5; time: 1; latitude: 144; longitude: 192)
    ...
    13: x_wind / (m s-1)                    (model_level_number: 5; time: 1; latitude: 144; longitude: 192)
    14: x_wind / (m s-1)                    (model_level_number: 5; time: 1; latitude: 144; longitude: 192)

> Once merged, we can now concatenate these cubes together:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once merged, we can now concatenate all these cubes into a single result cube, which is what we wanted:
```

.. _controlling_merge:

=================

> Controlling Merge

Reviewer: Is it anyway better to call this "Controlling Merge and Concatenate" ?
